feat: Blink funding source (#2477)
lnbits/lnbits: docs/guide/wallets.md

- `OPENNODE_API_ENDPOINT`: https://api.opennode.com/
- `OPENNODE_KEY`: opennodeAdminApiKey

### Blink

> For the invoice to work you must have a publicly accessible URL in your LNbits. No manual webhook setting is necessary. You can generate an Blink.sv access token here: https://www.blink.sv/en/api

Reviewer: Suggestion to change to the correct link of the Blink Dashboard and point to to the technical documentation.

```suggestion
For the invoice to work you must have a publicly accessible URL in your LNbits. No manual webhook setting is necessary. You can generate a Blink API key after logging in or creating a new Blink account at: https://dashboard.blink.sv. For more info visit: https://dev.blink.sv/api/auth#create-an-api-key```
